Update Game/manual specific items for 2025 (#2914)
wpilibsuite/frc-docs: source/docs/software/vision-processing/apriltag/apriltag-intro.rst

AprilTags have been in development since 2011, and have been refined over the years to increase the robustness and speed of detection.

Starting in 2023, FIRST is providing a number of tags, scattered throughout the field, each at a known :term:`pose`.

.. collapse:: What is the 36h11 family?

   The AprilTag library implementation defines standards on how sets of tags should be designed. Some of the possible tag families [are described here](https://www.ssontech.com/docs/SynthEyesUM_files/Choosing_an_AprilTag.html).

>    FIRST has chosen the 36h11 family for 2025. This family of tags is made of a 6x6 grid of pixels, each representing one bit of information. An additional black and white border must be present around the outside of the bits.

Reviewer: Might be good to note that it's the same tag family as last year?

```suggestion
   Starting from 2024, FIRST has chosen the 36h11 family. This family of tags is made of a 6x6 grid of pixels, each representing one bit of information. An additional black and white border must be present around the outside of the bits.
```
